enhance concepts page with new behavior (#944)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/akeneo-event-platform/concepts.md

To help identify duplicated events and deal with un-ordered events if it's something critical for your business, you can rely on both fields  **`id`** and **`time`** from the event, which provide unique identifiers and publication timestamp for each event.

### Optimized throughput

> Our delivery engine will try to deliver events as fast as it can, but will adapt the throughput within limits described in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our delivery engine will try to deliver events as fast as possible but will adapt the throughput within the limits described in this section.
```

> Especially if you create subscriptions with HTTPS destination, ensure to respond `429 Too Many Requests` if your system is slightly overloaded, this way the delivery engine will slow down quickly, retry undelivered events, and gently increase the throughput when your system get back to normal (answers `200 OK` again).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Especially if you create subscriptions with HTTPS destination, ensure to respond `429 Too Many Requests` if your system is slightly overloaded: this way, the delivery engine will slow down quickly, retry undelivered events, and gently increase the throughput when your system gets back to normal (answers `200 OK` again).
```

> Still, we will not retry indefinitely:
> - The platform will stop retry to deliver an event if he was emitted more than 8 hours ago.
> - The platform will start to impact the failure rate, which can lead to a subscription suspension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Still, we will not retry indefinitely:
- The platform will stop retrying to deliver events emitted more than 8 hours ago.
- The platform will start to impact the failure rate, which can lead to a subscription suspension.
```

### Delivery timeout

> Specifically for the HTTPS destination type, the delivery timeout ensures that messages are processed within a specified period. Our system expect from your endpoint to process the request in **`3 seconds`**. If the request take longer than this duration, we stop trying to deliver it, the event will enter in the retry process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically for the HTTPS destination type, the delivery timeout ensures that messages are processed within a specified period. Our system expects your endpoint to process the request in **`3 seconds`**. If the request takes longer than this duration, we stop trying to deliver it, the event will enter the retry process.
```

> Under normal circumstances, your HTTPS endpoint must handle the event as fast as it can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under normal circumstances, your HTTPS endpoint must handle the event as fast as possible.
```

**Our recommendation** is to put the message in a `queuing system` or in a `database`, and process the event asynchronously.

### Retry policy for transient failures

Retry policies help manage transient failures and guarantee message delivery even when issues occur during a certain amount of time.
We handle retry back-off internally, and it is not configurable per tenant.

> If your destination is unable to ingest the event we will try to deliver it again at the following pace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your destination is unable to ingest the event, we will try to deliver it again at the following pace:
```

 - previous delivery attempt + 5 min
 - previous delivery attempt + 10 min
 - previous delivery attempt + 20 min

> Such retries are made on best effort, only for transient errors and timeouts. The threshold of the suspension policy continue to be computed during the retry process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such retries are made on best effort, only for transient errors and timeouts. The threshold of the suspension policy continues to be computed during the retry process.
```

### Suspension policy

Our system enforces strict suspension policy to maintain the integrity and reliability of event delivery.

Your subscription will be **automatically suspend** in the following cases:

> - Your HTTPS endpoint respond with a `404 Not Found` http status, the subscription is suspended right away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your HTTPS endpoint responds with a `404 Not Found` http status, the subscription is suspended right away.
```

> - Your HTTPS endpoint respond with `3xx Redirection` http statuses, the subscription is suspended right away, we do not support redirections.
> - Your HTTPS endpoint respond with `5XX Server Error` http statuses for more than `5%` of the requests during the last hour.
> - Your HTTPS endpoint do not respond within the delivery timeout period for more than `5%` of the requests during the last hour.
> - Your HTTPS endpoint respond with a `429 Too Many Requests` for more than `5%` of the requests during the last hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your HTTPS endpoint responds with `3xx Redirection` http statuses, the subscription is suspended right away, we do not support redirections.
- Your HTTPS endpoint responds with `5XX Server Error` http statuses for more than `5%` of the requests during the last hour.
- Your HTTPS endpoint does not respond within the delivery timeout period for more than `5%` of the requests during the last hour.
- Your HTTPS endpoint responds with a `429 Too Many Requests` for more than `5%` of the requests during the last hour.
```
